Added scheduler and updated slack puller to support scheduled runs (#7)
jakemulf/google-analytics-twitter-ads-deephaven: README.md

tables = read_tables(path="/data/")
write_tables(tables, path="/data/test-1/")
```

### Scheduler

> The `./app.d/scheduler.py` file contains a script that can be ran on a scheduled basis. The default configuration pulls from the current time floored to 3am (EST time) to 24 hours before. The `DAYS_OFFSET` environmental variable can be set to an integer to support offsets of multiple days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `./app.d/scheduler.py` file contains a script that can be run on a scheduled basis. The default configuration pulls from the current time floored to 3 am (EST) to 24 hours before. The `DAYS_OFFSET` environmental variable can be set to an integer to support offsets of multiple days.
```

> The scheduler simply pulls from all of the data sources (Google, Twitter, etc) and writes them to parquet files. The files are written to the `/data/<start_date>/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduler simply pulls from all of the data sources (Google, Twitter, etc.) and writes them to Parquet files. The files are written to the `/data/<start_date>/` directory.
```
